#190 enabled to generate a dynamic module for custom udf (#202)
exasol/advanced-analytics-framework: doc/developer_guide/developer_guide.md

Installing the SLC ins described in the [AAF User Guide](../user_guide/user_guide.md#script-language-container-slc).

## Update Generated Files

AAF contains some generated files that are committed to git, including:
* The amalgated Lua script [create_query_loop.sql](https://github.com/exasol/advanced-analytics-framework/blob/main/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/resources/outputs/create_query_loop.sql)

> * The examples in the user guide

Reviewer: is this still true

Author: Thanks - I removed the main instructions but forgot to update the bullet list. See next push.

Installing the SLC ins described in the [AAF User Guide](../user_guide/user_guide.md#script-language-container-slc).

## Updated Generated Files

AAF contains some generated files that are committed to git, though:
* The amalgated Lua script [create_query_loop.sql](https://github.com/exasol/advanced-analytics-framework/blob/main/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/resources/outputs/create_query_loop.sql)
* The examples in the user guide

> The amalgated Lua script originates from the files in directory [exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/lua/src](https://github.com/exasol/advanced-analytics-framework/blob/main/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/lua/src/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The amalgated Lua script originates from the files in the directory [exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/lua/src](https://github.com/exasol/advanced-analytics-framework/blob/main/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/lua/src/).
```

The following command updates the amalgated script:

```shell
poetry run nox -s amalgate_lua_scripts
```

> AAF's user guide contains an example for an adhoc implementation of a Query Handler originating from the files in directory [exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/example](https://github.com/exasol/advanced-analytics-framework/blob/main/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/example/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AAF's user guide contains an example of an ad hoc implementation of a Query Handler originating from the files in the directory [exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/example](https://github.com/exasol/advanced-analytics-framework/blob/main/exasol_advanced_analytics_framework/example/).
```
